---
layout: post
title: Group Meeting 016
bdate: June 9, 2021 3:30 PM
author: "Michelle Almakari "
math: false
tags:
  - GroupMeeting
  - GitHub
hide: false
---
During this group meeting, Pierpaolo Dubernet gave a presentation on the specs, access and workload manager of the new Madariaga cluster. 
Presentation is available [here](file:///Users/michellealmakari/PERSISMO-IDEAS%20Dropbox/Michelle%20Almakari/Group-meetings/pres-cluster.pdf). 


### Upcoming Meetings

| Date     | Speaker           | Location |
| -------- | ----------------- | -------- |
| June 30  | Harsha Bhat       | ISTeP    |
| July 7   | Joseph M Flores   | ENS      | 
